(DOCSP-37831) Update Private Endpoints documentation (#718)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/security/private-endpoints.txt

Reviewer: one more thing actually - I think it would be worth noting somewhere that Private Link failures (e.g. request attempts outside of the VPC) will return a 404

.. facet::
  :name: genre
  :values: tutorial
  
.. contents:: On this page
   :depth: 2

You can use a Private Endpoint to access Atlas App Services from within
your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). This is a private connection to Atlas
App Services that does not go over the public internet. Requests from outside of
your VPC return a ``404`` error.

Private Endpoints are only available for Atlas App Services Apps
deployed locally to a region in AWS. They connect to your AWS VPC using
AWS PrivateLink. To learn more, see `What is AWS PrivateLink?
<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/what-is-privatelink.html>`__
in the AWS documentation.

There are two kinds of App Services Private Endpoints:

- General: Endpoints that use ``services.cloud.mongodb.com`` for Client HTTP
  requests.
- Sync: Endpoints that use ``services.cloud.mongodb.com`` for Sync WebSocket
  connections.

Endpoints that use the ``realm.mongodb.com`` domain must migrate to use the new
``services.cloud.mongodb.com`` domain.

Before You Begin
----------------

Gather the following information:

- Your **VPC ID**, which you can find in the AWS VPC dashboard or

> by running the :aws:`describe-vpcs
> </cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-vpcs>` command in the AWS
> CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  by running the :aws:`describe-vpcs
  </cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-vpcs>` command in the AWS
  CLI.
```

- Your **Subnet IDs**, which you can find in the AWS VPC dashboard

> or by running the :aws:`describe-subnets
> </cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-subnets>` command in the AWS
> CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  or by running the :aws:`describe-subnets
  </cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-subnets>` command in the AWS
  CLI.
  
```

Use a VPC Private Endpoint (Preview)
====================================

.. meta:: 

>    :description: Learn how to set up a VPC Private Endpoint for your Atlas Cluster.

Author: Ah, yep. Thanks for the correction. This is meta data for the page and could show up in search results (Google, docs search, etc).

<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/what-is-privatelink.html>`__
in the AWS documentation.

There are three kinds of App Services Private Endpoints:

- Legacy: Endpoints that use the legacy ``realm.mongodb.com`` domain. Apps with
  legacy endpoints must migrate their endpoints to use the new domain. Legacy
  endpoints can't be created.
- General: Endpoints that use ``services.cloud.mongodb.com`` for Client HTTP
  requests.
- Sync: Endpoints that use ``services.cloud.mongodb.com`` for Sync WebSocket
  connections.

Before You Begin
----------------

Gather the following information:

- Your **VPC ID**, which you can find in the AWS VPC dashboard or
  by running the :aws:`describe-vpcs
  </cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-vpcs>` command in the AWS
  CLI.
- Your **Subnet IDs**, which you can find in the AWS VPC dashboard
  or by running the :aws:`describe-subnets
  </cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-subnets>` command in the AWS
  CLI.

Set up a private hosted zone for your VPC. You need your VPC ID for this.
Use `ModifyVpcAttribute <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_ModifyVpcAttribute.html>`__
to set the following VPC attributes to true:

> - ``enableDnsHostnames``

Author: Hmm. Yeah, looks like they should be capitalized.

<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/what-is-privatelink.html>`__
in the AWS documentation.

Before You Begin
----------------

> You should set up a Private Hosted Zone. To do so, use ``ModifyVpcAttribute``

Author: Yep! Can do.

>   you. If you're using the Admin API, you can find this value by

Author: Thanks for pointing out the awkwardness. I've removed from this section and embedded in the API procedure, as it makes the most sense there.

  calling the :admin-api-endpoint:`List VPC Private Endpoint Services
  <operation/adminListPrivateEndpointServiceInfo>` endpoint and
  then locating the entry for your App's deployment region and the endpoint type
  you want to create in the response.

  .. io-code-block::

    .. input::
      :language: sh

      curl https://services.cloud.mongodb.com/api/admin/v3.0/groups/{groupId}/apps/{appId}/security/private_endpoint_service_infos \
        -H "Authorization: Bearer <access_token>"

    .. output::
      :language: json
      :emphasize-lines: 6

>       [

Author: Yep. Lindsey is working on that with this ticket: https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/DOCSP-38290

        {
          "cloud_provider_region": "aws-us-east-1",
          "service_name": "com.amazonaws.vpce.us-east-1.vpce-svc-0718bec2c0bdeab5c",
          "endpoint_type": "general"
        },
        ...
      ]

Add a Private Endpoint
----------------------

> After you've done everything in the Before You Begin section on this page,

Reviewer 2: so the private hosted zone _was_ a requirement?

Author: Yeah, we should treat it as a requirement.

you can add a new Private Endpoint. You can do this with the App Services
UI or the Admin API.

> You can add a new General Endpoint or a new Sync Endpoint. You can also

Reviewer 2: (yeah, the definitions should come before we start talking about them like users already know what these mean)

> 

Author: Nice catch. And I'll note that legacy endpoints can't be created in relevant places.

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Create a VPC Interface Endpoint

            a. In the App Services UI, navigate to :guilabel:`App Settings`,
               then click the :guilabel:`Private Endpoints` tab.
            #. Click :guilabel:`Add Private Endpoint`, then click
               :guilabel:`General`.
            #. Add your VPC ID and Subnet IDs (comma-separated list) in their
               separate fields, then click :guilabel:`Next`.
            #. Copy the generated :guilabel:`VPC Interface Endpoint Command`.
               The command should look something like this:
            
               .. code-block:: sh

                 aws ec2 create-vpc-endpoint \
                   --vpc-endpoint-type Interface
                   --service-name <App Services Endpoint Service Name> \
                   --vpc-id <your-vpc-id> \
                   --region <your-aws-deployment-region> \
                   --subnet-ids <your-subnet-ids>

>             #. In your terminal, create a Sync VPC Endpoint with the generated

Reviewer 3: I'm a little confused about the language we're using here, after reading the "Add a Sync Endpoint" section below. In ln 229, we say to create a Sync VPC Endpoint, and then we say to also create a General VPC Endpoint. So - should this one be a "General VPC Endpoint"? Or maybe a "VPC Endpoint"?

```suggestion
            #. In your terminal, create a General VPC Endpoint with the generated
```

Author: Yep. That should definitely be "General".

            #. Copy your new VPC Endpoint's ID and paste it into the ``Your VPC
               Endpoint ID`` field in the App Services UI, then click
               :guilabel:`Next`.
            #. If this is the first Private Endpoint you are creating, you will 
               see a toggle you can use to either restrict or open all access from 
               requests outside your PrivateLink connection. By default, App 
               Services blocks all requests coming from outside your PrivateLink 
               connection. This setting applies to this endpoint and **all 
               additional endpoints you create**. Refer to :ref:`change access 
               restrictions <change_access_restrictions>` for more information.
            #. Click :guilabel:`Finish Endpoint Creation`.

   .. tab::
      :tabid: api

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Create a VPC Interface Endpoint

            a. Call the :admin-api-endpoint:`List VPC Private Endpoint Services
               <operation/adminListPrivateEndpointServiceInfo>` endpoint.
            #. Filter the response object to find the entry for your App's

>                deployment region and the endpoint type you want to create.

Reviewer 3: Should we link to the [Cloud Deployment Regions](https://preview-mongodbkrollinsmdb.gatsbyjs.io/atlas-app-services/DOCSP-37831/apps/deployment-models-and-regions/#cloud-deployment-regions) documentation to make it easier for people to find their relevant deployment region?

Reviewer 3: And should we specify that the endpoint type here can be one of `general` or `sync`? (Assuming that's accurate.)

Author: I don't think we need to specify that it can be sync or general. In the "Add a Sync Endpoint" section, it's changed to sync.

               .. io-code-block::

                  .. input::
                     :language: sh

                     curl https://services.cloud.mongodb.com/api/admin/v3.0/groups/{groupId}/apps/{appId}/security/private_endpoint_service_infos \
                     -H "Authorization: Bearer <access_token>"

                  .. output::
                     :language: json
                     :emphasize-lines: 4-5

                     [
                     {
                        "cloud_provider_region": "aws-us-east-1",
                        "service_name": "com.amazonaws.vpce.us-east-1.vpce-svc-0718bec2c0bdeab5c",
                        "endpoint_type": "general"
                     },
                     ...
                     ]
            #. Get the ``service_name`` field from the desired entry in the
               previous step.

>             #. Create a VPC Endpoint using the AWS CLI `create-vpc-endpoint 

Reviewer 3: Hmm, we're saying here to use the AWS CLI to create the endpoint, but this command looks exactly like the one in Step 1 of the UI procedure. Is that one _also_ supposed to be using the AWS CLI? If so, we should probably specify that there. (Around ln 98/99.)

Reviewer 3: Also, if we do expect users to use AWS CLI for _both_ versions of this procedure, should that be listed in the "Before You Begin" section - i.e. "Install and authenticate the AWS CLI"?

Author: Yep. Good catch. It should absolutely be in the Before You Begin section.

            need to add it to your App. 

            a. Find the **VPC Endpoint ID**, either in the output of the CLI
               command you ran in the previous step or on the endpoint details
               screen of the AWS VPC dashboard. This value starts with ``vpce-``.
            #. Copy your new VPC Endpoint's ID and paste it into the ``Your VPC
               Endpoint ID`` field in the App Services UI, then click
               :guilabel:`Next`.
            #. If this is the first Private Endpoint you are creating, you will 
               see a toggle you can use to either restrict or open all access from 
               requests outside your PrivateLink connection. By default, App 
               Services blocks all requests coming from outside your PrivateLink 
               connection. This setting applies to this endpoint and **all 
               additional endpoints you create**. Refer to :ref:`change access 
               restrictions <change_access_restrictions>` for more information.
            #. Click :guilabel:`Finish Endpoint Creation`.

   .. tab::
      :tabid: api

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Create an Interface Endpoint in Your VPC

>             a. In the App Services UI, navigate to :guilabel:`App Settings` and

Author: Thank you for pointing this out! Makes sense to have this be totally programmatic.

         .. step:: Add the Private Endpoint to Your App

            Now that you've created the interface endpoint in your VPC, you
            need to add it to your App. 

            a. Find the **VPC Endpoint ID**, either in the output of the CLI
               command you ran in the previous step or on the endpoint details
               screen of the AWS VPC dashboard. This value starts with ``vpce-``.
            #. When you have your VPC Endpoint's ID, call
               :admin-api-endpoint:`Create a VPC Private Endpoint <operation/adminCreatePrivateEndpoint>`
               with the Endpoint ID, cloud deployment region, and endpoint type.
               For example, using ``aws-us-east-1``:

            .. code-block:: sh

               curl https://services.cloud.mongodb.com/api/admin/v3.0/groups/{groupId}/apps/{appId}/security/private_endpoints \
                 -X POST \
                 -H "Authorization: Bearer <accessToken>" \
                 -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
                 -d '{
                   "cloud_provider_region": "<your-cloud-deployment-region>",
                   "cloud_provider_endpoint_id": "<your-vpc-endpoint-id>"

>                    "endpoint_type":"general"

Author: Yep. That's valuable to expose here, I think.

               starts with ``vpce-``.
            #. Copy your new VPC Endpoint IDs and paste them into their
               respective ``Your VPC Endpoint ID`` field in the App Services UI,
               then click :guilabel:`Next`.
            #. If this is the first Private Endpoint you are creating, you will 
               see a toggle you can use to either restrict or open all access from 
               requests outside your PrivateLink connection. By default, App 
               Services blocks all requests coming from outside your PrivateLink 
               connection. This setting applies to this endpoint and **all 
               additional endpoints you create**. Refer to :ref:`change access 
               restrictions <change_access_restrictions>` for more information.
            #. Click :guilabel:`Finish Endpoint Creation`.

   .. tab::
      :tabid: api

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Create an Interface Endpoint in Your VPC

            a. In the App Services UI, navigate to :guilabel:`App Settings` and
               then click the :guilabel:`Private Endpoints` tab.
            #. Click :guilabel:`Add Private Endpoint`, then click

>                :guilabel:`General`.

Author: Yep. I've removed the UI bits.

>          .. step:: Create an Interface Endpoint in Your VPC

Reviewer 2: ... should I know what an Interface Endpoint is?

does it assume a specific endpoint type requirement? if it _has_ to be interface, why do i have to get it in the private endpoint svcs response (and the example output shows a "general" type)??

Author: Yeah, good point. We don't need this to be so specific.

Author: Actually, looking it over again, I do think we need to include "interface" here. I've simplified a bit to "Create a VPC Interface Endpoint".

The UI uses "VPC Interface Endpoint" and it's a helpful distinction to avoid confusion between the VPC endpoint and the Private Endpoint users are creating.

But maybe I didn't totally understand your question here.

>             a. In the App Services UI, navigate to :guilabel:`App Settings` and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            a. In the App Services UI, navigate to :guilabel:`App Settings`,
```

               then click the :guilabel:`Private Endpoints` tab.
            #. Click :guilabel:`Add Private Endpoint`, then click
               :guilabel:`General`.

>             #. Add your VPC ID and Subnet IDs (comma-separated list), then click

Reviewer 2: are you putting all of these in one field in the updated UI? or are there still separate fields for vpc and subnet id entries? if so, maybe split it out somewhat?
```suggestion
            #. Add your VPC ID, your Subnet IDs (as a comma-separated list), then click
```

Author: I clarified this a bit.

               :guilabel:`Next`.

>             #. In your terminal, create a VPC Endpoint with the command generated

Reviewer 2: feels like there's a step missing. when does the generated command display for me to copy? in the modal _after_ you click Next?

Author: Yeah, you're right. The UI automatically generates it when you add the fields. You don't need to do anything. But I didn't explicitly say users should copy that generated endpoint. I've revised to make the process a bit clearer.

                 -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
                 -d '{
                   "cloud_provider_region": "<your-cloud-deployment-region>",
                   "cloud_provider_endpoint_id": "<your-vpc-endpoint-id>",
                   "endpoint_type": "general",
                   "comment": "<comment-about-endpoint>"
                 }'

Add a Sync Endpoint
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sync Endpoints require that you also have a General Endpoint associated with
the Sync Endpoint.

> .. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

Author: Huh. I can see them and the general endpoint section.

> .. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

Reviewer 2: Yep, you can disregard this - I just checked and they're displaying for me now. I'll chalk it up to build gremlins or cache trolls.

                 -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
                 -d '{
                   "cloud_provider_region": "<your-cloud-deployment-region>",
                   "cloud_provider_endpoint_id": "<your-vpc-endpoint-id>",
                   "endpoint_type": "general",

>                    "comment": "<comment-about-endpoint>"

Reviewer 3: Since users don't have the Admin API definition right here, should we make this placeholder more descriptive to make it easier for users to understand how to populate this? i.e.:
```suggestion
                   "comment": "Optional: add a comment describing the endpoint."
```

                 }'

Add a Sync Endpoint
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Sync Endpoints require that you also have a General Endpoint associated with

Reviewer 3: I'm not quite sure I understand what this is trying to communicate. I wonder if we can reword this to be a little more explicit? If I'm interpreting this correctly, maybe something like:

> Every Sync Endpoint must be paired with a General Endpoint created using the same generated command.

the Sync Endpoint.

.. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: ui

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Create a VPC Interface Endpoint

            a. In the App Services UI, navigate to :guilabel:`App Settings` and
               then click the :guilabel:`Private Endpoints` tab.
            #. Click :guilabel:`Add Private Endpoint`, then click
               :guilabel:`Sync`.
            #. Add your VPC ID and Subnet IDs (comma-separated list) in their
               separate fields, then click :guilabel:`Next`.
            #. Copy the generated :guilabel:`VPC Interface Endpoint Command`.
               The command should look something like this:
            
               .. code-block:: sh

                 aws ec2 create-vpc-endpoint \
                   --vpc-endpoint-type Interface
                   --service-name <App Services Endpoint Service Name> \
                   --vpc-id <your-vpc-id> \
                   --region <your-aws-deployment-region> \
                   --subnet-ids <your-subnet-ids>

>             #. In your terminal, create a Sync VPC Endpoint with the generated

Reviewer 3: Ok, definitely confused about this. Are we creating AWS "VPC Endpoints" here? If so, should we be calling this a "VPC Endpoint" instead of a "Sync VPC Endpoint"? Are we using "Sync" and "General" here to make it clearer the relationship between the VPC Endpoint and whether App Services is using it as a "General" or "Sync" endpoint?

If the latter, I think we should be crystal clear that these are AWS VPC Endpoints that you will then add to App Services as either a "General" or "Sync" endpoint. And if I am totally misunderstanding this, maybe we can otherwise clarify the language? (Or feel free to disregard if this should be obvious to people who are more familiar with Private Endpoints.)

Author: Yeah, the language here isn't clear. It should be just VPC Endpoint. I think that's clear enough.

               command.
            #. You must also create a General VPC Endpoint using the command
               App Services generates for the General Endpoint.
         
         .. step:: Add the Private Endpoints to Your App

>             Now that you've created the interface endpoint in your VPC, you
>             need to add it to your App. 

Reviewer 3: Are we creating more than one VPC endpoint in the step above - i.e. one for Sync and one for General? If so, we should probably match the plural here - i.e.

```suggestion
            Now that you've created the interface endpoints in your VPC, you
            need to add them to your App. 
```

            a. Find the Sync and General **VPC Endpoint IDs**, either in the
               output of the CLI commands you ran in the previous step or on the
               endpoint details screen of the AWS VPC dashboard. This value
               starts with ``vpce-``.
            #. Copy your new VPC Endpoint IDs and paste them into their
               respective ``Your VPC Endpoint ID`` field in the App Services UI,
               then click :guilabel:`Next`.
            #. If this is the first Private Endpoint you are creating, you will 
               see a toggle you can use to either restrict or open all access from 
               requests outside your PrivateLink connection. By default, App 
               Services blocks all requests coming from outside your PrivateLink 
               connection. This setting applies to this endpoint and **all 
               additional endpoints you create**. Refer to :ref:`change access 
               restrictions <change_access_restrictions>` for more information.

>             #. Click :guilabel:`Finish Endpoint Creation`.

Reviewer 3: In the Admin API procedure, we explicitly call out as a separate step:

> You must also create a General Private Endpoint by following the steps for creating a General Private Endpoint on this page.

Should we do the same thing here in the UI procedure?

   .. tab::
      :tabid: api

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Create a VPC Interface Endpoint

            a. Call the :admin-api-endpoint:`List VPC Private Endpoint Services
               <operation/adminListPrivateEndpointServiceInfo>` endpoint.
            #. Filter the response object to find the entry for your App's

>                deployment region and the endpoint type you want to create.

Reviewer 3: Same Q as above - should we link out to the Cloud Deployment Regions docs here to make it easier for users to figure out the appropriate region, and/or list that endpoint types can be one of `general` and `sync`?

            need to add it to your App. 

            a. Find the Sync **VPC Endpoint ID**, either in the
               output of the CLI commands you ran in the previous step or on the
               endpoint details screen of the AWS VPC dashboard. This value
               starts with ``vpce-``.
            #. Create a Sync Private Endpoint by calling
               :admin-api-endpoint:`Create a VPC Private Endpoint <operation/adminCreatePrivateEndpoint>`
               with its Endpoint ID, cloud deployment region, and endpoint type.
               For example, using ``aws-us-east-1``:

               .. code-block:: sh

                  curl https://services.cloud.mongodb.com/api/admin/v3.0/groups/{groupId}/apps/{appId}/security/private_endpoints \
                  -X POST \
                  -H "Authorization: Bearer <accessToken>" \
                  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
                  -d '{
                     "cloud_provider_region": "<your-cloud-deployment-region>",
                     "cloud_provider_endpoint_id": "<your-vpc-endpoint-id>",
                     "endpoint_type": "sync",

>                      "comment": "<comment-about-endpoint>"

Reviewer 3: Same Q as above about adding a more descriptive comment here since we're divorced from the Admin API definition.

                  }'
            #. You must also create a General Private Endpoint by following the
               steps for creating a General Private Endpoint on this page.

Migrate a Legacy Endpoint
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you have an endpoint that uses the legacy ``realm.mongodb.com`` domain, you
must migrate it to use the new ``services.cloud.mongodb.com`` domain. You can't
create new legacy endpoints.

**To migrate a Legacy Endpoint:** 

> #. Create new endpoints to replace existing VPC endpoints

Reviewer 3: For this step, do we mean users must go through the entire process to create new General or Sync endpoints - i.e. create new VPC Interface Endpoints and add them to App Services as a General or Sync Private Endpoint? If so, I wonder if we want to be more explicit? Maybe something like:

> Following the procedures on this page, create new General or Sync VPC Endpoints and add them to your App Services App.

                 -d '{
                   "cloud_provider_region": "<your-cloud-deployment-region>",
                   "cloud_provider_endpoint_id": "<your-vpc-endpoint-id>"
                   "endpoint_type":"sync"
                 }'
            
            #. You must also create a General Private Endpoint by calling
               the ``Create a VPC Private Endpoint`` Admin API endpoint again.

>                This time, set the ``endpoint_type`` to ``"general``.

Author: For technical reviewer: is this true? Or does hitting that Admin API endpoint automatically create the General Endpoint too?

Author: Yeah, I think pointing them to the general endpoint section makes the most sense. I did that at first, then changed it to what you saw. Can't remember why.

And thanks for noticing the odd rendering. I fixed that for the general endpoint section, but forgot to update here. Should be good now!

Migrate a Legacy Endpoint
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To migrate a Legacy Endpoint to a Sync or General endpoint, you must create

> new endpoints that use your existing VPC endpoints.

Author: > that use your existing VPC endpoints

Is this true? Do we want people using their existing VPC endpoints? Or should we encourage them to create new VPC endpoints too?

Any other considerations for migrating?

- In the Admin API, call the :admin-api-endpoint:`Toggle Non-VPC Requests
  <operation/allNonVpcClientRequests>` with a boolean value (``true`` to remove
  the default restriction, or ``false`` to reinstate it.)

> Definitions

Author: I figured it would be good to have a reference of sorts that explains the differences between these things. I haven't quite gotten to writing those definitions. If you have suggestions, I'd love to hear them!

-----------

There are three kinds of Private Endpoints:

> - Legacy: Endpoints that use ``realm.mogodb.com``
> - General: TODO: Add definition
> - Sync: TODO: Add definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Legacy: Endpoints that use the legacy ``realm.mongodb.com`` domain. Apps with legacy endpoints must migrate their endpoints to use the new domain.
- General: Endpoints that use ``services.cloud.mongodb.com`` for Client HTTP requests.
- Sync: Endpoints that use ``services.cloud.mongodb.com`` for Sync WebSocket connections.
```

Author: Thank you for filling in the gaps here. 😄

> Supported SDK Versions

Author: Excellent question. No, we don't need to repeat it. We can just link out to that section. Thank you for the reminder! We definitely don't want to keep it in two places.

- In the Admin API, call the :admin-api-endpoint:`Toggle Non-VPC Requests
  <operation/allNonVpcClientRequests>` with a boolean value (``true`` to remove
  the default restriction, or ``false`` to reinstate it.)

Supported SDK Versions
----------------------

The Atlas Device SDKs can access your General and Sync endpoints. However, they
must use a :ref:`version that supports the new domain 
<domain-migration-sdk-versions>`.

Private Endpoint Limitations
----------------------------

- You can't use Private Endpoints with globally deployed Apps or local
  Apps deployed to Azure or GCP.

- You can't use public internet connections to access your App if you
  have a Private Endpoint enabled. All requests must come through the
  Private Endpoint.

- If you :ref:`change your deployment model <change-deployment-models>`,

>   then your existing Private Endpoints will not continue to work. You
>   will have to create new Private Endpoints for the App's new region.

Reviewer 3: Nit: our style guide calls for us to avoid future tense. Maybe we can simplify this with something like: 

```suggestion
  then you must create new Private Endpoints for the App's new region.
```
